# **Deja Vu Game**

# Core

- Three players

- Medieval setting

- Win condition: Become the most powerful member of the High Council

# Resources

## Military

- Used to disrupt other players' supply chain

- Used to strong-arm people to increase PR, at the cost of more tyranny

## Wealth

- Used to construct buildings

- Used to pay wages

- Used to bribe

## Public Relations

- Determines who you can hire

- More PR = more influence per turn

# Mechanics

## Player

A player will be tied to a randomly selected unique resource.

Each player will have their own levels of the three core resources, but
only their tied resource will increase their power.

A random agenda will also be given to the player. For now, this only
includes getting the player's non-main resource up to a certain level,
to encourage unpredictable voting.

A player will have power, getting this power to 100% will win the game
for this player. Power is accumulated by passing laws that are
beneficial for the player's resource. The number of resource buildings
each player has also increases power per turn.

A player will have influence. Influence is dependent on PR and the
number of buildings they have. Influence can be spent on voting and
hiring new members of their entourage.

A player will have their own entourage. This will consist of managers,
guards, and henchmen. A manager runs the player's buildings; a guard
protects buildings from being sabotaged; and a henchman is used to
sabotage other players and the kingdom.

## Kingdom

The kingdom has its own pool of the three core resources.

The kingdom's pools grow at a fast rate.

Multiple crises will occur throughout the game, which require
collaboration from the High Council to avert, otherwise a penalty is
given to all players.

## Tyranny

Each player will receive a random scenario each action phase. Their
choice will affect their *tyranny* and their resources. The more tyranny
a player has, the more power they will gain per turn, at the cost of
their subordinates being less loyal to them.

## Sabotage

During their secret phase, players may sabotage other players at a cost.
This includes: razing buildings, assassinating entourage (success if
determined by their type and skill), bribing rival entourage members,
and siphoning kingdom funds. Each action will have an associated cost
and risk to it depending on how severe the sabotage is. Failing a
sabotage can have consequences.

## Communication

The game will contain a chat system, allowing players to secretly
discuss and make alliances with each other.

# Game Loop

## Turns

Each turn consists of three phases: *voting* phase, *action* phase, and
*secret* phase.

After a turn is complete, the month ends and the loop restarts starting
from the next month.

## Policies

A policy may affect a single player, multiple, or all players. It may
also affect the kingdom. A policy may modify resources and/or influence.
A maximum of seven policies may be implemented, after which each new
policy replaces the oldest policy.

## Voting Phase

All players will be presented with three policies. They may spend
influence to vote for any choice they desire. Their votes will be
publicly shown.

## Action Phase

During this phase, the player may construct buildings and hire new
members for their entourage. They will also encounter a personal event.

## Secret Phase

During this phase, the player will have the option to sabotage buildings
and bribe members of other players' entourage. They may also siphon
resources from the kingdom. Everything has some risk involved.
